Adding a new metric ingest/notices/queueSize to give more visibility into supervisor notices queue size. (#11417)
apache/druid: docs/operations/metrics.md

|`ingest/handoff/count`|Number of handoffs that happened.|dataSource, taskId, taskType.|Varies. Generally greater than 0 once every segment granular period if cluster operating normally|
|`ingest/sink/count`|Number of sinks not handoffed.|dataSource, taskId, taskType.|1~3|
|`ingest/events/messageGap`|Time gap between the data time in event and current system time.|dataSource, taskId, taskType.|Greater than 0, depends on the time carried in event |

> |`ingest/notices/queueSize`|Number of pending notices to be processed by the coordinator|dataSource.|Greater than or equal to 0, should not be a very high number |

Reviewer: I would expect a typical value to be 0 and occasionally in the low single-digits, anything greater than 0 indicates that there is some waiting time.

Author: will update it accordingly.

|`ingest/handoff/count`|Number of handoffs that happened.|dataSource, taskId, taskType.|Varies. Generally greater than 0 once every segment granular period if cluster operating normally|
|`ingest/sink/count`|Number of sinks not handoffed.|dataSource, taskId, taskType.|1~3|
|`ingest/events/messageGap`|Time gap between the data time in event and current system time.|dataSource, taskId, taskType.|Greater than 0, depends on the time carried in event |

> |`ingest/notices/queueSize`|Number of pending notices to be processed by the coordinator|dataSource.|Typically 0 and occasionally in lower single digits. Shouldn't be a very high number. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`ingest/notices/queueSize`|Number of pending notices to be processed by the supervisor|dataSource.|Typically 0 and occasionally in lower single digits. Should not be a very high number. |
```

> |`ingest/notices/time`|Milliseconds taken to process a notice by the supervisor|noticeType.| < 1s. |

Reviewer: we probably want `dataSource` here as well to distinguish supervisors
